README.md, before:

# Random Password Generator
## Description

- Here is a Random Password Generator, written in javascript, this was created so people who use it can randomly create a password for protecting sensitive information. This was created as part of my study of javascript at Monash University Bootcamp for programming

- The problem it solves is that if you want a random password it will create it for you but not store it anywhere. 

- I got a better understanding of Javascript while working on this project.


## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To access and use this project you may click on this link to access it



## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.

Commit message:

updated .md added screenshot and assets folder

README.md, after:

# Random Password Generator
## Description

- Here is a Random Password Generator, written in javascript, this was created so people who use it can randomly create a password for protecting sensitive information. This was created as part of my study of javascript at Monash University Bootcamp for programming

- The problem it solves is that if you want a random password it will create it for you but not store it anywhere. 

- I got a better understanding of Javascript while working on this project.


## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To access and use this project you may click on this link to access it

- https://breakfireaus.github.io/random-password-generator/



## Usage

To use the program you need to click on the generate password button which is Red. Then follow the prompts and it will automatically generate a password

![Main Page](assets/Screenshot-1.jpg)


## Credits

- Askbcs team at the bootcamp
- My Instructor Chee
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/alert
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/confirm
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/prompt
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/let
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/if...else
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Primitive
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/var
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/charAt
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/querySelector


## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.
